[Music]
welcome to b2b marketing and more with
your host Pam dinner as the leading
marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
camp created this podcast to share a
professional experience and insights and
to help you be a better b2b marketer
never miss an episode by subscribing on
Apple podcasts now let's get started
[Music]
alright a big hello from Portland Oregon
happy new year everyone I hope that you
had a great holiday and I well rested I
was on the road from October 14th to
December 21st I'm so happy so happy to
spend the holidays at home and just
chill and eat I ate a lot alright so
that was a great way to and 2019 I'm
telling you so a sit down aside let's
talk about b2b marketing as a marketer
if your company's marketing plan for the
new year is done I strongly recommend
that you do one thing
tie your job contribution to your
company's business goals and the
marketing objectives and do that on one
page this is especially important for a
marketing specialist an individual
contributor or a first-line manager
obviously we know our roles and
responsibilities well there are many
things that we do on a daily basis such
as answering email or attending meetings
endless meetings that don't really
contribute to achieving our business
goals and the marketing objectives so
when I mentor marketers or even work
with my clients I always encourage them
to document what they do and tie that to
the company's business and a marketing
objectives here's a simple one pager I
want to share with you on this one pager
there are six components that you need
to filled out and I'm going to read them
out loud so visualize with me now -
business goes follow that is business
objectives then marketing objectives
marketing strategies
your deliverables and contribution and
the last one is KPIs key performance
indicators all right so these are the
six components let me say that again
business goals
business objectives marketing objectives
marketing strategies your deliverables
and contributions KPIs
so let's talk about the first one
business goals what is your company's
revenue goes grow target or market
segment share sometimes the company
actually use MSS as their business goal
it's very important that you know that
and this is especially vital if you
support or enable your sales team right
you need to know their ultimate
destination or the angle that they want
to accomplish by the end of the year the
next one is business objective what does
the company want to accomplish this year
maybe the company wants to tackle new
segments new countries or even launch a
new product right what is that upper
management probably have that identify
already so you just have to copy and
paste
oh I you can write one or two statements
the way you understand it the next one
is marketing objectives what is
marketing do to support the business
objectives in general our job tends to
be building a brain awareness driving a
man's or enabling sales but it needs to
align with business goals and a business
objectives say the business objectives
are going after new segments tackling
new countries or supporting a massive
product launches well great we need to
make sure that we have those weddings
identify or incorporate it into the
marketing objectives right strategy is
how how do we drive demand what tasks do
we need to do to make that happen
okay so strategies are basically how and
what needs to do to actually support
your marketing objectives the next one
is your contribution what do you do to
contribute to the strategy tuna
marketing objectives as a whole can you
list three to five deliverables that
connect to strategies and objectives
right and these are three to five
strategy can
you know your quarterly deliverables or
your annual deliverables so that would
be totally up to you and you have option
to choose the next is how do you measure
your success be very specific number of
the content items created number of the
MQL marketing qualified leads or you
know you are leading a massive project
such as a completion of a website
refresh or whatnot you know what write
those down okay
it's important to have one pager like
that when you have one-on-one meeting
with your manager you can use it as a
basis for a discussion this will also
help to make sure that both of you I'm
synced and agree on your plans that they
support the overall marketing objectives
if adjustments are necessary well make
them collectively you know make sure
that your manager is aware of it right
to welcome a new year I hope that you
sit down and create a one-pager
and let me know how that works for you
again if you like this content please
subscribe on iTunes I also have a b2b
marketing immortan YouTube channel I
published one video a week each video
it's about 5 to 7 minutes long it's all
about b2b marketing so if you prefer
video please subscribe
reach out anytime Pam at Pam's intercom
again happy new year talk to you soon
bye bye
if you enjoyed this podcast please share
it with your colleagues and leave a
review on Apple podcast
[Music]